.devcontainer/README.md, before:

# Dev Container Setup for ComfyStream

This guide will help you set up and run a development container for ComfyStream using Visual Studio Code (VS Code).

## Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)
- [Nvidia Container Toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [VS Code Remote - Containers extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers)

## Host Setup

### Clone the Repository

First, clone the `comfystream` repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/yondonfu/comfystream.git
cd comfystream
```

### Download or Build Base Docker Image

The `livepeer/comfyui-base:latest` image provides a ComfyUI workspace for ComfyStream development. You may either pull the base docker image or build it:

- Pull from Dockerhub:

```sh
docker pull livepeer/comfyui-base:latest
```

- Build the base image:

```sh
docker build -f docker/Dockerfile.base -t livepeer/comfyui-base:latest .
```

### Host Configuration

On your **host** system, create directories to store models and engines:

```sh
mkdir -p ~/models/ComfyUI--models ~/models/ComfyUI--output
```

> [!NOTE]
> This step should be ran on your host machine before attempting to start the container.

If you would like to use a different path to store models, open `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file and update the `source` to map to the correct paths to your host system. Here is an example configuration:

```json
{
  "mounts": [
    "source=/path/to/your/model-files,target=/ComfyUI/models/ComfyUI--models,type=bind",
    "source=/path/to/your/output-files,target=/ComfyUI/models/ComfyUI--output,type=bind"
  ]
}
```

Replace `/path/to/your/model-files` and `path/to/your/output-files` with the path to your `models` and `output` folders on your host machine.

## Dev Container Setup

1. Open the `comfystream` repository in VS Code.
2. From VS Code, reload the folder as a devcontainer:
   - Open the Command Palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P` or `Cmd+Shift+P` on macOS).
   - Select `Remote-Containers: Reopen in Container`.
3. Wait for the container to build and start.

### Starting ComfyUI

Start ComfyUI:

```sh
cd /workspace/ComfyUI
conda activate comfyui
python main.py --listen
```

When using TensorRT engine enabled workflows, you should include the `---disable-cuda-malloc` flag as shown below:

```sh
cd /workspace/ComfyUI
conda activate comfyui
python main.py --listen --disable-cuda-malloc
```

### Starting ComfyStream

Start ComfyStream:

```sh
cd /workspace/comfystream
conda activate comfystream
python server/app.py --workspace /workspace/ComfyUI --media-ports=5678 --host=0.0.0.0 --port 8889
```

Optionally, you can also start the [ComfyStream UI](../README.md#run-ui) to view the stream:

```sh
cd /workspace/comfystream/ui
npm run dev:https
```

### Running Example Workflows

To run example workflows, you need to download models and build TensorRT engines. You can do this from within the dev container by running the following command in the terminal:

```sh
prepare_examples
```

Alternatively, you can follow the steps below.

#### Download models

From within the **dev container**, download models to run the example workflows:

```sh
cd /workspace/comfystream
conda activate comfystream
python src/comfystream/scripts/setup_models.py --workspace /workspace/ComfyUI
```

For more info about configuring model downloads, see [src/comfystream/scripts/README.md](../src/comfystream/scripts/README.md)

By following these steps, you should be able to set up and run your development container for ComfyStream efficiently.

#### Building the DepthAnything Engine

After downloading models, it is necessary to compile TensorRT engines for the example workflow.

> [!NOTE]
> Engine files must be compiled on the same GPU hardware/architecture that they will be used on. This step must be run manually after starting the devcontainer. You may use either conda environment for this step.

1. Run the **export_trt.py** script from the directory of the onnx file:

    ```sh
    cd /workspace/ComfyUI/models/tensorrt/depth-anything
    python /workspace/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Depth-Anything-Tensorrt/export_trt.py
    ```

## Debugging ComfyStream and ComfyUI

The `launch.json` includes sample launch configurations for ComfyStream and ComfyUI.

## Setting the Python Environment

Conda is initialized in the bash shell with no environment activated to provide better interoperability with VS Code Shell Integration.

VS Code will automatically activate the `comfystream` environment, unless you change it:

1. From VSCode, press `Ctrl-Shift-P`.
2. Choose `Python: Select Interpreter`.
3. Select `comfystream` or `comfyui`.
4. Open a new terminal, you will see the environment name to the left of the bash terminal.

Alternatively, you may activate an environment manually with `conda activate comfyui` or `conda activate comfystream`

> [!NOTE] For more information, see [Python environments in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/environments)


## Additional Resources

- [Developing inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)
- [Docker Documentation](https://docs.docker.com/)

Commit message:

fix launch config, patch comfyui workspace with install.py (#381)
* add comfyui workspace patching to install.py
* remove opencv install from dockerfile
* pin ComfyUI_frontend v1.24.2

.devcontainer/README.md, after:

# Dev Container Setup for ComfyStream

This guide will help you set up and run a development container for ComfyStream using Visual Studio Code (VS Code).

## Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)
- [Nvidia Container Toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [VS Code Remote - Containers extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers)

## Host Setup

### Clone the Repository

First, clone the `comfystream` repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/yondonfu/comfystream.git
cd comfystream
```

### Download or Build Base Docker Image

The `livepeer/comfyui-base:latest` image provides a ComfyUI workspace for ComfyStream development. You may either pull the base docker image or build it:

- Pull from Dockerhub:

```sh
docker pull livepeer/comfyui-base:latest
```

- Build the base image:

```sh
docker build -f docker/Dockerfile.base -t livepeer/comfyui-base:latest .
```

### Host Configuration

On your **host** system, create directories to store models and engines:

```sh
mkdir -p ~/models/ComfyUI--models ~/models/ComfyUI--output
```

> [!NOTE]
> This step should be ran on your host machine before attempting to start the container.

If you would like to use a different path to store models, open `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file and update the `source` to map to the correct paths to your host system. Here is an example configuration:

```json
{
  "mounts": [
    "source=/path/to/your/model-files,target=/ComfyUI/models/ComfyUI--models,type=bind",
    "source=/path/to/your/output-files,target=/ComfyUI/models/ComfyUI--output,type=bind"
  ]
}
```

Replace `/path/to/your/model-files` and `path/to/your/output-files` with the path to your `models` and `output` folders on your host machine.

## Dev Container Setup

1. Open the `comfystream` repository in VS Code.
2. From VS Code, reload the folder as a devcontainer:
   - Open the Command Palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P` or `Cmd+Shift+P` on macOS).
   - Select `Remote-Containers: Reopen in Container`.
3. Wait for the container to build and start.

### Starting ComfyUI

Start ComfyUI:

```sh
cd /workspace/ComfyUI
conda activate comfyui
python main.py --listen --front-end-version Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_frontend@v1.24.2
```

> [!NOTE]
> The `--front-end-version Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_frontend@v1.24.2` flag is necessary because v1.24.2 is the latest version of the ComfyUI frontend that works reliably with ComfyStream.


When using TensorRT engine enabled workflows, you should include the `---disable-cuda-malloc` flag as shown below:

```sh
cd /workspace/ComfyUI
conda activate comfyui
python main.py --listen --disable-cuda-malloc --front-end-version Comfy-Org/ComfyUI_frontend@v1.24.2
```

### Starting ComfyStream

Start ComfyStream:

```sh
cd /workspace/comfystream
conda activate comfystream
python server/app.py --workspace /workspace/ComfyUI --media-ports=5678 --host=0.0.0.0 --port 8889
```

Optionally, you can also start the [ComfyStream UI](../README.md#run-ui) to view the stream:

```sh
cd /workspace/comfystream/ui
npm run dev:https
```

### Running Example Workflows

To run example workflows, you need to download models and build TensorRT engines. You can do this from within the dev container by running the following command in the terminal:

```sh
prepare_examples
```

Alternatively, you can follow the steps below.

#### Download models

From within the **dev container**, download models to run the example workflows:

```sh
cd /workspace/comfystream
conda activate comfystream
python src/comfystream/scripts/setup_models.py --workspace /workspace/ComfyUI
```

For more info about configuring model downloads, see [src/comfystream/scripts/README.md](../src/comfystream/scripts/README.md)

By following these steps, you should be able to set up and run your development container for ComfyStream efficiently.

#### Building the DepthAnything Engine

After downloading models, it is necessary to compile TensorRT engines for the example workflow.

> [!NOTE]
> Engine files must be compiled on the same GPU hardware/architecture that they will be used on. This step must be run manually after starting the devcontainer. You may use either conda environment for this step.

1. Run the **export_trt.py** script from the directory of the onnx file:

    ```sh
    cd /workspace/ComfyUI/models/tensorrt/depth-anything
    python /workspace/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Depth-Anything-Tensorrt/export_trt.py
    ```

## Debugging ComfyStream and ComfyUI

The `launch.json` includes sample launch configurations for ComfyStream and ComfyUI.

## Setting the Python Environment

Conda is initialized in the bash shell with no environment activated to provide better interoperability with VS Code Shell Integration.

VS Code will automatically activate the `comfystream` environment, unless you change it:

1. From VSCode, press `Ctrl-Shift-P`.
2. Choose `Python: Select Interpreter`.
3. Select `comfystream` or `comfyui`.
4. Open a new terminal, you will see the environment name to the left of the bash terminal.

Alternatively, you may activate an environment manually with `conda activate comfyui` or `conda activate comfystream`

> [!NOTE] For more information, see [Python environments in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/environments)


## Additional Resources

- [Developing inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)
- [Docker Documentation](https://docs.docker.com/)
